Healthy man Good afternoon
Well, there you have a war going on there is no
special operation operation
You if there was a war at all Therefore, they
bombed St. Petersburg in Moscow And so the
Americans tell us
not to hit the special operation there as soon as they declare war
Putin is therefore fed up to declare war is
true
Why  we were attacked by them why
Putin did not declare war
why Putin is pissed to declare war
because you will soon look wrong he
declared a special operation and not
scared of war Why Because the Americans
tell us If only Putin declares
war we can calmly hit Peter
Moscow So we only take  there, in
Belgorod Bryansk, where are you from
? Yes, it’s me, a
bunch of Samara mobilized died
in Makeyevka on New Year’s yes,
yes And how the meat was collected.
Motherland That is, it turns out
that Putin has a new yacht there, a
new Palace Yes, of your simple  men
took Samara
applications in short because of the creator And you
are dying off Why is it interesting
look you came to a foreign country
for me your king really where do you live
Look again for what your
smack like in Samara died I need to understand
simple men behind  that died from Samara
Listen, until the year 17, 1917, the territory
was Tell us Look who your ancestors
were in the seventeenth year, some aristocrats
Yes, what are the same toothless as you
, that's what's stopping you, you want to capture
Odessa Kherson, what's stopping you from capturing dentistry
really me  I tell you return teeth
return smile returned
Well then, look, it turns out that you are sitting
shorter in Samara, such a poor hard worker you
work Yes, you earn money with your work, they
don’t pay you extra Yes,
Russian oligarchies steal you you
have gas oil gold huge
money  without teeth
and you say we are returning something there.
Kherson, of
course. Why can’t those teeth
become with  look Russia Such a richest
country has oil gas diamonds Why do
people in the Czech Republic with normal teeth
where there is no oil gas diamonds And you have no
teeth
when you look like this Why Yes, why do people
in the Czech Republic For example, which has no oil
gas, it buys oil gas Russia
has  teeth to
die from Americans
And for whom do you Pray for whom do you die
Tell
for insane Russia
look very simply You live in [ __ ]
Here you are now you are at work right
Well, how is life normal there